FR #966: Improving dataset metadata (#1464)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

A financial incentive or allowance granted by a provider unrelated to other past/current/future charges.

<a name="glossary:datasetinstance"><b>Dataset Instance</b></a>

> A specific implementation of a FOCUS dataset provided by a data generator. This is distinct from a FOCUS dataset. A datagenerator may provide multiple dataset instances of the same FOCUS dataset, each with different properties such as time granularity or differing custom column inclusions.  For examples, see the [*Dataset Instance Metadata*](#dataset_instance_metadata) example section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific implementation of a FOCUS dataset provided by a data generator. This is distinct from a FOCUS dataset. A datagenerator may provide multiple dataset instances of the same FOCUS dataset, each with different properties such as time granularity or differing custom column inclusions.  For examples, see the [*Dataset Instance Metadata*](#datasetinstancemetadata) example section.
```
I just downloaded the build from your latest PR and found the anchor that was created in the HTML.

Line 11306
```
<a class="toc-anchor" name="datasetinstancemetadata"> </a></p>
<h4 id="8314-dataset-instance-metadata">8.3.14. Dataset Instance
```

A financial incentive or allowance granted by a provider unrelated to other past/current/future charges.

<a name="glossary:datasetinstance"><b>Dataset Instance</b></a>

> A specific implementation of a FOCUS dataset provided by a data generator. This is distinct from a FOCUS dataset. A datagenerator may provide multiple dataset instances of the same FOCUS dataset, each with different properties such as time granularity or differing custom column inclusions.  For examples, see the [*Dataset Instance Metadata*](#datasetinstancemetadata) example section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A specific implementation of a FOCUS dataset provided by a data generator. A Data Generator may provide multiple dataset instances of the same FOCUS dataset, each with different properties such as time granularity or differing custom column inclusions.  For example, the same 'FOCUS Cost and Usage' *FOCUS Dataset* may be provided at an hourly or daily time granularity by a Data Generator. Each would be a distinct Dataset Instance.
```

Author: Love it.

> A specific implementation of a FOCUS dataset provided by a data generator. A Data Generator may provide multiple dataset instances of the same FOCUS dataset, each with different properties such as time granularity or differing custom column inclusions.  For example, the same 'FOCUS Cost and Usage' *FOCUS Dataset* may be provided at an hourly or daily time granularity by a Data Generator. Each would be a distinct Dataset Instance.

Reviewer 3: Is "FOCUS Cost and Usage FOCUS Dataset" redundant? "FOCUS Cost and Usage" already implies it being a component of FOCUS.

Reviewer 4: Will address in a future consistency pass.  Resolving.
